if only those everyday office tasks were
quicker and easier to achieve it could
have a real impact on your business so
let's get it done with the HP laserjet
pro emma levin 32 this multifunction
device brings instant affordability and
capability to your office he will take
care of your printing copying and
scanning beyond that HP auto on auto off
technology offers energy efficient usage
while HP smart install makes it easy to
set up without the need to install from
a CD all in one compact space saving
device the documents you print will be
of a visibly high quality with crisp
text and sharp imagery just use original
HP print cartridges and supplies for the
best results page after page with print
speeds of up to 18 a4 pages per minute
your pages will be ready when you are or
if time is really pressing use instant
on technology which can deliver a first
page out in just eight point five
seconds setup is just as quick and
simple use HP smart install on your
Windows PC to start printing quickly
without the inconvenience of installing
from a CD just use the USB 2.0
high-speed port to make the connection
the laserjet pro Emma Levin 32 also
features an intuitive control panel that
makes every command easy to achieve from
startup onwards HP understands that the
return on every penny spent is key
that's why instant on technology does
more than deliver instant results it
also keeps your printing costs in check
by using less energy the intuitive HP
auto on auto off technology will even
put the device into energy saving mode
by sensing whether you are actively
printing or not the HP laserjet pro Emma
Levin 32 won't just save your business
money through energy efficiency it will
also reduce your impact on the
environment with pre-installed
cartridges that were juice on packaging
and cut down waste the HP
laserjet pro Emma Levin 32 multifunction
printer impact your business with less
of an impact on the environment